[provider] Add a default_tags attribute in the Datadog provider config. (#2486)
DataDog/terraform-provider-datadog: docs/index.md

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) (Required unless validate is false) Datadog API key. This can also be set via the DD_API_KEY environment variable.
- `api_url` (String) The API URL. This can also be set via the DD_HOST environment variable. Note that this URL must not end with the `/api/` path. For example, `https://api.datadoghq.com/` is a correct value, while `https://api.datadoghq.com/api/` is not. And if you're working with "EU" version of Datadog, use `https://api.datadoghq.eu/`. Other Datadog region examples: `https://api.us5.datadoghq.com/`, `https://api.us3.datadoghq.com/` and `https://api.ddog-gov.com/`. See https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/site/ for all available regions.
- `app_key` (String, Sensitive) (Required unless validate is false) Datadog APP key. This can also be set via the DD_APP_KEY environment variable.

> - `default_tags` (Block List, Max: 1) [Experimental - Monitors only] Configuration block with settings to default resource tags across all resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--default_tags))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `default_tags` (Block List, Max: 1) [Experimental - Monitors only] Configuration block containing settings to apply default resource tags across all resources. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--default_tags).)
```

- `http_client_retry_backoff_base` (Number) The HTTP request retry back off base. Defaults to 2.
- `http_client_retry_backoff_multiplier` (Number) The HTTP request retry back off multiplier. Defaults to 2.
- `http_client_retry_enabled` (String) Enables request retries on HTTP status codes 429 and 5xx. Valid values are [`true`, `false`]. Defaults to `true`.
- `http_client_retry_max_retries` (Number) The HTTP request maximum retry number. Defaults to 3.
- `http_client_retry_timeout` (Number) The HTTP request retry timeout period. Defaults to 60 seconds.
- `validate` (String) Enables validation of the provided API key during provider initialization. Valid values are [`true`, `false`]. Default is true. When false, api_key won't be checked.

<a id="nestedblock--default_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_tags`

Optional:

> - `tags` (Map of String) [Experimental - Monitors only] Resource tags to default across all resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `tags` (Map of String) [Experimental - Monitors only]  Resource tags to be applied by default across all resources.
```

Author: I've updated this in the source and ran `make docs`.
